[Music]
because we're about to talk about very
depressing I literally when I called you
about it I started to tear up right what
happened recently a few months ago I had
a hard drive up sales it had a lot of
important photo video stuff on it I
bought a program that I was able to
recover all of my like photos videos
folder so I had to go and manually
select what I wanted to restore so I
thought I got everything and I chucked
the hard drive and trashcan very fresh
because that was a that was the center
of a lot of chaos I realized that the
hard drive that was corrupted actually
had my entire i photolyze on it and I
keep all of my iPhone pictures stored
inside the iPhoto app so I don't keep
them in a specific folder like all my
other photos videos stuff that I just
copy over from SD card so I didn't even
think about that I didn't copy over the
iPhoto app I didn't restore that into my
new hard drive literally lost three
years of iPhone pictures and the last
three years of my life like your iPhone
your mobile phone whatever you use like
that's what you capture the real moments
on yeah on my fancy can DSLRs and Sony
cameras that's what I capture like artsy
pictures of the Golden Gate Bridge that
everyone has on postcard so what lesson
did you learn from it so you don't throw
like the hard way yeah that you wait
because there's always something there
yeah but also with iPhone pictures just
use turning to a major project but use
image capture to copy and paste the
pictures into an actual folder instead
of leaving it up to be in an app but my
most important lesson from that is take
as many selfies let's go selfie I think
more like this take pictures of people
you care about you know cuz now I got to
catch up on all my selfies which will
pass three years and I'll I'm covered in
a lot that's been the most documents
insane years of my life
I bring that up one absolutely time here
in New York East and like these are the
moment that maybe I don't like share
everything on the internet but they're
important to capture no matter if you're
consciously or not take those pictures
and bam bam bam maybe a younger family
man to make sure you catalog your
content in a responsible way and I have
something that I want to show you later
in this video that has to do with that
three what was the third number three
follow juni on Twitter you saw in a
recent video that we surprised them with
my boyfriend John being in New York and
that was the travel time that you ever
got to meet him iron elevation first
impression you know he's the worst right
he's absorbing he's cute I can see why
she likes she's very to the door like
thumbs up you see he's really cute he's
even cuter in person than he is Joey
Diaz yeah I'm not very handsome you were
afraid I was gonna die alone right yeah
and I mean you so could but we shall
open the hope bill honestly the boys cat
is John yes
you
I am back at the apartment and I wanted
to talk about this massive package
because it's relevant to the
conversation so we had earlier and
something that I should show you guys an
effort to raise awareness of how
important it is to back up your stuff
your footage your pictures because
that's what you're going to show your
grandchildren one day document but also
keep safe while box inside of a box the
first time that I lost it all before I
knew about losing all of my pictures of
past three years it company contacted me
called
Synology I basically have a nas solution
for backups an ad system is a little bit
complicated but just know it leads to
redundancy which is the best when
backing up content because that means
you have more than one place and
typically more than two places that your
content is living this is not a
sponsored video thank you
phonology for sending me those curious
to see how I can fit this into my
workflow it's basically going to be used
as a backup to everything this looks
intense
I'm currently folding more laundry so
ignore that but here here it is so big a
big block but in here is where you keep
these hard drives holy crap so 10
terabytes each Wow Wow
since we're getting a little dorky I
will show you in on kind of my work
process - storing footage and making
videos right now since I got the new 20
for the MacBook I got a 1 terabyte SSD
when editing videos the fastest solution
is basically putting your video footage
on your SSD or hard drive on your
computer and editing off of that opposed
to an external hard drive so now that I
have one terabyte of storage SSD on my
macbook I keep all of my current
projects on my computer if I need extra
room beyond that 1 terabyte I have this
Samsung 1 terabyte
SSD USBC hard drive this thing is
amazing look how tiny it is it's tiny
like the size of a credit card and it's
USBC and it's SSD that's going to be the
fastest solution for a hard drive if you
need a hard drive so basically I have
two options when editing current
projects I kind of go in between my
actual computer and the stamps on the
one terabyte hard drive very rarely will
both of those be full but since they are
current projects they are important
projects that I probably don't want to
lose and so in case if anything happens
I want to make sure that those are
backed up but because they are current
my number one priority every single day
isn't to copy it back to the big nas
Synology system so I have other external
hard drives that I want to keep on me at
all times that I can backup projects
with I actually just bought another hard
drive for this purpose this is a LaCie
rugged USB C hard drive so I can plug it
straight into my new macbook all of
these hard drives you see right here is
just pictures and video from the past
few years it's great to have all of
these right here that I can just grab
and go and pick some footage up but if
something happens to these I'm screwed I
don't have any backups and this is where
this thing will come in I know that was
a lot and I'm sorry if you don't care
about any of that but I will give you
little updates along the way as to how
this is all going because I'm never
going to lose important footage or
pictures again I'm just not going to
it's not it's not going to happen
because literal tears have been shed
because of just losing everything and I
can't I can't do it
[Music]
all right so what do you have a bottle
flip on that black car right over there
yeah like hard right there right here
onto that well the moving when I ready
ready ready go
oh yeah what wow did you get out the
human that y'all that Oh awesome
I am the 3 the 4 the 9 we didn't have
enough water rookie up rocks across
buildings hey should we do that
like everyone else okay good see me like
break one does yeah Dimity cars we can
break yeah my parents are leaving very
sad but not leaving Oh give you guys it
may arise with unjust enteritis wanted
well Ron did John kid done fridge so
when you booked your tickets
according to what and you're here for
more for their did your faces I'm going
to posit it and keep it as my desktop
back forever yeah I'm here for literally
like three week instead of four day
honestly the moment that you are like
huh maybe I should just cancel my
biggest my person wishes like yes yes
you know they already do bro sure that
you're doing and you got to meet this
okay there's something in my throat but
now it okay Jeannie said on camera what
she thought of you first so any final
thoughts on the parents what if she
could do it basically like use the word
good one thing that she actually is
saying was just like you know he looks
really handsome on video but then you
you see in real life occasions he's very
very handsome very handsome yeah I think
you do great you won I don't think
that's true and to if I guess while I'm
filming how's it going this whole time
now always make the worst places ever I
think your parents it totally makes
sense why you are such a good person
they're so kind they are so polite they
are they seem so loving I don't really
know what happens behind closed doors
but to me they're very nice they're just
putting up with friends yeah if you
girly very evil system
yeah and Janie is like they're really
hit to right work I'm going to show you
what genius yeah
Janie you don't have to have a close-up
we got to show the peachy fan that your
hip and happen in like the rest of us
all right model for us oh my gosh are
those did you pay extra for those holes
in your jeans the use of America looking
good
today's an unreal the hustle is always
constant but it's so good to just press
the pause button every now and then to
spend a few hours with the people you
care about most
I have my family here in New York and my
favorite city ever and to have my
favorite humans coming up and getting to
know each other it just makes it makes
my heart happy I'm just grateful to
hashtag love how people know it's kind
of cool week my favorite city was my
favorite people including you guys
peachie favorite there are people do it
for new around here welcome want to say
welcome let me know if you like this
video hit that subscribe on down below
for new videos every single Monday to
your credit say peachy okay
[Music]